The file zphot.param is an example of the inputs to EAZY. This file
will need to be tweaked for each cluster so that the correct number of
filters it used (e.g., for CL1354, N_MIN_COLORS should be set to 6 for
the BVRIzK filters that cluster has).


The file filters.dat is a list of the filter transmission for each of
the filters used in the EDisCS optical/near-IR photometry. This file
is for use in EAZY and will need to be in (or linked to) each
directory that EAZY is run. Each filter is given a number, and the
numbers correspond to the following:

	1 - CTIO B
	2 - KPNO B
	3 - FORS V
	4 - FORS R
	5 - FORS I
	6 - z-band
	7 - 2MASS Ks

---
SETTING UP FOR EAZY

The code eazy.py in the ediscs github module has a subroutine that
will create an ASCII catalog for ingestion into EAZY. However, there
are some additional steps required to prepare to run EAZY. The bash
script eazysetup will copy files and make directories as required. It
will look for the environment variables $EDISCS and $EAZYINSTALL to
locate appropriate files (filters.dat and zphot.param) and the EAZY
spectroscopic templates.

The eazy.py code will set up the remaining files (such as the
definitions file for the columns in the input ASCII catalog). If
zeropoint offsets are required, see the EAZY manual for information on
how to do this. Basically, you can supply magnitude or flux offsets,
but flux offsets are preferred as they will preserve the
signal-to-noise ratio of the photometry. In this case, the file
zphot.zeropoint will contain two columns as so:

		F1   	     1.0
		F3	     1.03

where the first column is the flux column from the definitions
file (see above). For EDisCS, F1 is the CTIO B-band, F3 is the FORS
V-band, etc. In this example, we have applied no flux multiplier to
the B-band, but we've brightened the V-band by 3%. Be sure to change
the zphot.param file if necessary to use these offsets if desired (set
GET_ZP_OFFSETS to y).